Make sure Konco Seneng is ready.
Konco Seneng, we're starting soon.
Okay, miss.
Why say "okay"? Jeru isn't here yet.
Seriously, I even told him to take
a private plane jet.
A plane or a private jet?
A private plane
that's a jet.
That's different.
It's the same.
Ever since Jeru started
going out with Bethari,
he's been so hard to reach.
Where is he?
Maybe he's on his way, Rick.
CALLING
It's her.
His Highness Argo is here.
There he is! The keyboardist, Rick!
Aruna! The backup singer
who doubles as the manager.
-Our keyboardist, Rick! Say hello, Rick!
-Hey, what are you doing?
Planes and jets are different!
What's the ruckus? Is your ukulele okay?
Forget my ukulele. What about his head?
The band needs your ukulele, not his head.
Oh, he's Chip.
I'm Rontek.
His teeth are chipped all right.
Pick up, Thari.
Up next, we have a band here
to give you a show.
I'm sure this band is no stranger to you.
They've performed at many events
and appeared everywhere.
Let us all welcome…
Konco Seneng!
One, two, three.
LARA ATI STILL CARES
NATURAL DISASTER FUNDRAISING
Phew, I can finally breathe!
Your Highness,
if you want to go on a date,
don't go on the day of the ceremony.
Aunty, Ngapem takes forever.
What if I can't see Jeru?
You know what His Highness Argo is like.
Forget about it!
What matters is I get to see
Jeru perform today.
I'm so happy.
You could at least
pick up the phone, babe.
I was busy, babe.
There.
Here you go. All done.
Let's go!
-Why is it taking so long?
-Where's the vocalist?
Where is he?
What's happening?
What should we do?
If Jeru doesn't show up,
you take over as the vocalist.
Sing one of your keroncong songs.
Hey.
What do you mean, "keroncong"?
We're not a keroncong band.
We're singing Jeru's song.
Hey! Come on, sing!
-Come on!
-How? Jeru isn't even here.
-Hey, dude!
-Why aren't they singing?
-Get off the stage!
-Yes.
-Settle down!
-Allow me.
Do not let my…
Hey! I don't speak English! Asshole!
Hey. Please stay calm!
Oh God!
Get off the stage!
Stay calm!
Took you long enough.
Another minute and this place
would have been Konco Seneng's grave.
-Konco Seneng is ready to rock you all!
-All good.
Konco Seneng!
Yes!
Sing it!
Come on, sing it!
I love you!
You can feel the difference, Yu.
A big stage gives you
that special feeling, right?
-Yeah. Our hard work paid off!
-Right!
I got tired by the third song, though.
Wahyu, we only did one song! What third?
-Really?
-You need to get your head checked.
Hey, Ru, Ndarboy called me
and offered us a gig at a café.
It's a good deal.
After performing, we can eat.
Can you not bring up Ndarboy
in front of me?
You were so cool!
So cool!
Are you tired?
Thank you for supporting us.
What is it, Rick?
You wanna be like Jeru and Bethari?
No, he can't.
Why not?
He stays by her side but…
Can't make her his.
Just kidding.
Hey, Thar…
-Next week--
-Bethari.
Yes?
Did you get us featured in Solo News?
That's right.
You're awesome! Not only did you get us
a gig, but you promoted us too.
Guys! Say thank you.
-Thank you, Your Highness!
Together, one, two, three.
Thank you, Your Highness!
My pleasure.
The pleasure is ours.
-Hello, Irlas.
-Hi.
Aruna!
Irlas! How are you?
I'm great.
I just watched your performance.
Your band was great.
-You did?
-Totally awesome.
-Thank you. Alhamdulillah.
-You're welcome.
I have an event next week.
I'd like Konco Seneng to perform there.
Yes.
Well?
-Sure, of course.
-Yeah?
You normally don't get paid
for gigs, right?
-Just boxed meals?
-Yeah.
At my event, we'll pay you for performing.
-We'll get paid?
-Get paid?
We'll get paid?
But I can't pay off my debt, Nov.
Why, you! But whatever.
Irlas, if I get paid, can I at least
take my wife out for steak?
Sure, you can.
She doesn't get steak often.
This?
Is my wife a termite?
Your wife can eat this much, right?
If she could, she'd be a debus performer.
I could.
Well, I'll contact you later
for the details.
-Okay.
-Okay, nice.
-Thank you so much.
-I'll see you later.
-Take care!
-Yeah, see you.
Wow… getting paid to perform?
Yes, Your Highness.
I'll feature it in Solo News.
Okay.
Your Majesty.
Her Highness Bethari
is nowhere to be seen.
Did she finish the Ngapem ceremony?
Yes. Bethari stayed until the end.
My apologies, Your Highness.
Your friend has arrived.
Okay.
Well, I'll see you later, Your Majesty.
Right.
Please, Your Highness.
Where is your little sister?
Tell her to come home.
Yes, Mother.
Mahen!
Argo, Your Highness.
You don't have to be so formal.
But we're in the Keraton palace.
Excuse me, Your Highness.
Right.
How are you?
Why did you call me?
It's nothing. Are you well?
Hello?
Oh, Irlas.
What's the matter?
His Highness Argo is with a guest.
Pardon?
Her Highness Bethari?
I need money…
Go, go.
Hello, you two angels.
-Hello.
-How are you?
-I'm okay.
-How was the gig, Aruna?
It went well.
-Jeru, listen. About Ndaru…
-Rick.
He got famous using my song.
Konco Seneng's song.
Ndaru came up with the idea for the song.
We just helped with the arrangement.
But why did he claim it as his?
I've tried to get you to talk to Ndaru,
but you got upset.
Nov. Looks like the drama's starting.
How about a coffee break?
How rude!
All you think about is coffee.
Rick and Jeru are talking about
our band's arrangement,
Konco Seneng's.
But I guess it's worth considering.
How about a coffee break? Wahyu is right.
Rick?
Go on in and make some.
-Sure.
-Nice.
-Yu, what are you doing?
-Boiling some water, sir.
You're making your own drinks? Okay.
Excuse me, sir. I'll go help Wahyu.
-Excuse me.
-Right.
Be on time next time, Ru.
-Nov. You're the witness.
-Huh?
I'm witnessing.
They're paying us, so we must be on time.
Be professional, no bad attitude.
Right?
I promise.
I won't be late next time.
I'll focus more on Konco Seneng.
For Irlas' event, let's play keroncong
with a touch of reggae.
Your favorite, Rick.
-Nov.
-Yes?
Take note of that.
I think…
it sounds great.
With a touch of…
koplo music like before.
Right?
Who said it was koplo?
It's keroncong reggae, not koplo.
Yes. Reggae.
Bob Marley.
The Ngapem ceremony went overtime,
so Bethari couldn't leave.
Witnessing again, Bethari couldn't leave.
Couldn't leave.
Do you plan to stay in your relationship
with Bethari?
What do you think, Nov?
If you want my opinion…
You know deep down, right?
Your relationship won't go as planned.
So why keep it going?
Right, Nov?
Right.
I feel you're not being professional, Ru.
Nov.
Hey.
Uh…
The water's not ready yet.
Sit down for now, Yu.
I'll take care of the water.
Robusta!
I'll make the coffee
with the Robusta blend!
Yes, but…
Don't you think so, Yu?
Huh?
What?
Jeru's been late a lot lately, right?
Yeah, right. He's been late.
Novian, you bastard.
Okay.
We've been growing Konco Seneng
since high school.
Our dreams are one, right?
What matters now is focusing
on Konco Seneng,
so we can be more successful than Ndaru.
Take note of that, Yu.
I wish I wasn't here.
Nov, where is it?
Where's the coffee?
Where? Did you make it?
What? What do you mean by this?
Here comes the tea.
This is what you wanted, right?
Why is everyone so quiet?
Were you talking behind my back?
-Yes.
-No.
Aunty Yeni.
Anyways. Novian, take her home.
Yes, boss! Ready, ready, ready.
All right, Nov.
Your Highness, I'd appreciate it
if you could help.
I'll keep you posted.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
We're here.
Must be nice to have a house
like a palace.
It is a palace.
Here.
What? No, I'm good.
Good evening, Your Highness.
Miss, 50.000 isn't enough.
We didn't stick to the route on the map
and ended up using more fuel.
Which means, this amount won't cut it.
So, well…
The red bill. Nice!
Thank you, Your Highness. Excuse me.
Goodness… Your Highness?
Uncle Mahen?
You've grown up.
You're studying in Jakarta, right?
I graduated, Uncle.
Are you still in the music industry?
That's how I make money.
Why? Do you want to be a star?
Well then, I'll see you around.
Where have you been, Bethari?
After the Ngapem ceremony,
I went to a friend's place.
You've lived in Jakarta from when you were
in elementary school through to college.
You have friends in Solo?
A lot of them.
I'm going inside, Your Highness.
Pardon me, Your Highness.
Jeru is back.
Thanks for keeping me company.
-See you, ma'am.
-Take care.
Sure.
-Hello, Dafa.
-Hello, Jeru.
Take care, Lis.
Assalamu alaikum.
Waalaikumsalam.
Shall we go home now, princess?
I thought your show ended
in the afternoon.
Aw, did you miss your handsome son?
I was just hanging out at the base, Mom.
With the group or with Her Highness?
I heard about it.
After graduating last year,
Her Highness Bethari came back to Solo.
Right?
Is that so, Mom?
Reigniting old flames, eh?
Oh please, Mom.
Old flames? Extinguish them!
So someone's going out of their way
to bring the fire back?
Hey.
Back in the day,
when your late father
worked at the Keraton palace,
he often took you with him
to meet Her Highness Bethari.
Both of you had a love of music
and would sing together.
That was in middle school, Mom.
If there was any love,
it was probably just monkey love.
That was in the past.
But if you two meet now,
will it become a gorilla love?
-Gorilla versus King Kong.
-Right.
King Kong is huge, you know.
Okay.
Let's go. Wait, let me take this.
Ru.
Just keep in mind,
Her Highness Bethari is of royal blood,
while your dad was just a sweeper.
Don't worry, Mom.
Bethari and I aren't together.
Really?
Don't be jealous, Mom.
You're the only one in my heart, Mom.
Okay. Let's go home.
Let's go. I'm beat. And sleepy.
Me too. You came too late.
I'm ready. Let's go.
KERATON BATIK SHOP
Wait, pause.
It's a bit off. How about making it koplo?
To make the audience feel more alive.
Like that.
Jeru's agreed that we'll play keroncong
and reggae at Irlas' event
instead of koplo.
Hold it, Rick. Your sense of music
needs tuning.
Koplo makes the audience and the vibe
more alive and hyped.
Right, Yu? Koplo?
Yeah. Let's do koplo, Rick.
Is Jeru the leader of this band?
Huh?
-Let's do reggae, Nov.
-Yeah.
Hello, sir.
-Hello, sir.
-Hey.
Going wayang puppeteering?
No.
Going rock climbing.
Rock climbing?
Sir, let me help you with that.
-Let's help him.
-Thank you.
-Let's go.
-I'll put this here.
We'll help him with his rock climbing.
Rock climbing…
Wahyu, all I can do is wayang.
You, on the other hand,
are balancing your band and work.
Yeah, but I'm only an office boy, sir.
That's still a job. You're fine.
Don't be like me,
wasting away with wayang and music.
I'm a nobody.
All I'm saying is,
that boy is smart, right?
Yes, sir.
He's a clever boy.
He could apply to be a civil servant
and get accepted for sure.
But what happens to those who choose
music? They become nobodies.
Do you want to keep living like that?
Come on, let's finish this, guys.
Wait, sir.
Dam, what are you doing?
You've only been giving orders.
You're just standing there.
-What are you doing?
-Answer him.
I don't understand Javanese.
Don't yell at him. He's not even Javanese.
-Let's go.
-He looks Diengnese.
Sorry, sir.
-Okay.
-Let's get going.
Yes, sir.
All done.
Yu.
What?
Was he talking about us or Rick?
He can't be talking about us.
But it kinda feels like he was.
We're committed to music.
I hope he's safe.
All parents want
the best for their kids, Rick.
What are you saying?
Your dad allowed Konco Seneng
to rehearse here
and set up a base here.
That means that deep down,
he wishes for you to succeed in music.
If he truly wants the best for me,
if he supports me,
he should show it,
not set a deadline.
"If you don't succeed in music
after a year,
quit doing music!"
"Apply for a position in the civil service
or some other government job!"
I might as well apply for the FBI,
the CIA, or even Mossad!
I hope he'll do well.
Yeah, he brought everything.
-Aruna, Rick, were you chatting?
-Keep going.
Stuck in the talking stage,
never getting together.
It's basically this, Yu.
Never had it,
but had to let go.
Where are you, Ru?
You call this your leader?
All he does is arrive late
or not show up at all.
Rick! Our rehearsal!
Do it yourselves!
YOU'RE HAPPY, I'M HAPPY
EVERYONE'S HAPPY
Are you going to play in your band?
No, Ndar. Why would I?
Are you playing in a band?
Don't say that, okay?
-Okay.
-High five.
-Nice!
-All good. She won't snitch.
Mom! Dad is going to play in a band!
Blabbermouth!
-What was that?
-Um, Ndar…
What do you mean?
-Catfish.
-Ukulele…
Ouch! It's catfish.
I threw away the rotten catfish.
-Who would eat rotten catfish?
-Right.
Where are you going?
To attend a funeral.
-A friend's--
-A friend's dad is…
-Dead?
-Yes, died.
-Whose dad?
-Slamet's dad.
It's getting far…
His house is far.
-Getting far from the world.
-The world.
-His soul.
-Right.
-And…
-Down the alley…
His house is down in the alley.
His house is in an alley,
and he choked on a ukulele.
-Choked on a catfish.
-Yeah, catfish.
-Liar!
-He died of choking.
I'm going now, dear.
I'll bring back three boxed meals.
No, five!
Huh? Five?
-You'll get three, right?
-Yeah.
-And he'll get three?
Ask for two of his. That's five.
Bring back five or else!
If you don't bring five,
you can sleep outside.
I refuse to sleep next to you!
Then who will sleep next to you, Ndar?
I can.
What do you mean? Huh?
-Hey, let's go, Nov.
-What's happened?
-It's going far away. It really is!
-What do you mean?
-Come on!
-Hop on.
Let's go, Nov. Or else we won't catch up.
-Assalamu alaikum.
-Waalaikumsalam.
I hope you're not lying.
Mom, can someone die
from choking on a catfish?
Yes, if your dad doesn't come home
with five boxed meals.
Come inside.
Hey…
Thari, why not accept Uncle Mahen's offer?
You have a great voice.
I'm good.
I want you to be a star, Ru.
Nov, your ukulele smells like trash.
-It smells.
-But we're getting paid. Let's go.
-Hello, guys!
-Hello!
You all good?
What's that smell?
Yeah, something smells.
Guys, let's get ready.
That band's finishing soon.
After that, it's our turn.
Remember, go all out. Better than ever.
Today is the first time
Konco Seneng is getting paid for a gig.
Yay!
-We're getting paid!
-Yes!
What's that smell?
What smell?
"What smell"?
Yeah.
I wonder.
Enough about that. Time to go all out!
-Come on!
-Let's go! Get ready.
-We get paid!
Come on. Let's do a group cheer.
Guys, let's do a group cheer.
Because tonight, we get paid, paid, paid!
Konco Seneng… You're happy,
I'm happy, everyone's happy!
Go all out!
Aruna. Wait a minute.
Konco Seneng's performance is canceled.
Huh?
What do you mean, Irlas?
What are you saying?
You won't be performing.
Asshole! I'll show you!
-Wait, Rick!
-Calm down.
Easy there. This wasn't my decision.
It was the sponsor's.
They don't want Konco Seneng
performing at my event.
That's all, guys. I'm sorry.
I hope we can work together again.
-What?
-It means we're not performing.
-Is that hard to understand?
-Bernadi.
Sir! Mr. Bernadi!
Thar! Thari! Where are you going?
Bernadi!
About our performance being canceled…
Bethari and I…
are sorry.
It wasn't Irlas or the sponsor
who canceled it.
It was
Uncle Argo.
Bethari's uncle.
Why would your uncle do that?
Oh, I know.
Because he's against you dating Jeru!
Rick, let's solve this problem.
Don't just walk away.
How?
I told you before,
don't date Bethari!
It's a forbidden relationship!
Rick!
We should find a solution together.
What are you hoping to get
from dating Bethari?
You'll get nothing, Ru.
Your mom doesn't approve,
and Bethari's family approves even less!
But Rick, let's not forget,
Bethari's done a lot for our band.
Getting us gigs,
promoting us in Solo News.
That's helped our band a lot, Rick.
Okay, Bethari helps us with gigs.
She does that so you get to slack off!
You're always late! How many times
have you shown up late for gigs?
You always do koplo!
You never want to do keroncong!
We were about to perform keroncong, Rick.
It was canceled! We didn't perform!
Rick.
I do want to be a huge celebrity. A star.
But what I want even more is
to see you become a star.
Once you're successful…
and famous…
no one will care about
our differences.
Do you think…
Do you think Rick is right?
What do you mean?
Should we break up, Ru?
No, Thari. No.
We knew what we were getting into
when we started dating, didn't we?
Pardon me, Your Highness.
This is unfair.
Konco Seneng isn't just Jeru.
Still, Jeru is there, right?
Jeru is only one part of it,
Your Highness.
You didn't just hurt one person,
you hurt a lot of people.
With all due respect, Your Highness,
I don't care.
I have been entrusted by His Majesty
to manage the Keraton palace.
Anyone who brings shame to the palace
will face the consequences.
Royal blood to royal blood.
That's such outdated thinking,
Your Highness.
It's no longer relevant.
So?
You, as the daughter of His Majesty,
want to marry the son
of the lowliest servant?
Your Highness.
From now on,
you shall not leave the palace
unless there's a valid reason.
Mother.
You should listen to His Highness Argo.
His Majesty trusts
His Highness Argo more than me.
Hang in there, sweetie.
Okay.
Please don't let it bother you.
-Yes, Your Highness.
-Assalamu alaikum.
Let me help.
Mom, the parang and kawung motifs
aren't available yet.
-Ru.
-Yes, Mom?
Why did you lie to me?
Lie about what?
Are you seeing Her Highness Bethari?
Do you know who she is?
Do you know who you are?
Talk to me, Ru.
Don't lie to me.
Times have changed, Mom.
Royals can marry commoners, Mom.
The royals
who marry non-royals
do so because
their social standing is equal.
Your father, a mere palace sweeper,
will never be on the same level
as His Majesty.
If you still consider me your mother…
break up with Her Highness Bethari.
Stay away from her.
Who's your crush, Rick?
Who is it?
What? No one.
At least for now.
That's my new song.
It's nice.
But a new song is pointless.
You know that Jeru and I
never agree on anything.
Let it go.
The fight happened yesterday.
Stop dragging it on.
Remember how long you've been friends.
Since high school, right?
Then came Novian, Wahyu,
and the other bandmates.
Then you met me.
And now we're in Konco Seneng together.
If you keep arguing,
when will you succeed?
Besides,
this is just your egos clashing, Rick.
It's hot.
-You can keep it cool, right?
-It's scorching hot.
I mean, keep your cool for Konco Seneng.
-Fine.
-Really?
If you're calm, there's something
I want to say, Rick.
I also need to tell you something, Na.
Let's talk tomorrow.
We'll both talk.
How did your song go, Rick?
That's too high. What note was that?
It's E. You like singing at E, right?
Make it C.
FLOWER SHOP
I wonder what Aruna will say today.
I think she's going to confess to me.
How does she usually speak?
"Rick, I like you."
Na, we've known each other for so long.
To be honest,
I've been secretly in love with you.
I got you these flowers,
and I want you to accept them.
Why are you all dressed up?
Usually, you give off bad-boy vibes.
Wait here for a sec.
Aren't you gonna talk?
I'm about to.
Did you have to dress up?
This is how I should talk to you, Rick.
What do you think? Is my outfit okay?
How's my hair? Do I look good in this?
Do you think it suits me?
You…
look different.
You
look beautiful, Na.
Alhamdulillah, now I feel confident.
Okay, let's go!
What about the talk?
I just did.
I wanted to ask for your opinion
about my outfit.
I'm about to take the fit and proper test
to be a lecturer.
Do you have to dress up
this nicely for it?
You see,
the examiner is one of my high school's
most handsome seniors.
He gives off this "Nathan Tjoe-A-On" vibe.
The football player?
No.
The devil's drum player.
Come on, let's go.
Oh, weren't you going to say
something too?
What do you think of my outfit?
You… look cool.
It's not like your usual style.
Let me see.
Are those flowers? For whom?
-My dad asked me to buy some.
-Your dad?
Your dad is popular even at his age.
Meanwhile, his young son is always single.
Let's get going, Rick!
I don't want to be late!
Aruna.
Tidar. How did I do?
You were great.
Seriously?
Let's hope the other examiners
agree with my evaluation.
Thank you so much.
You should definitely become
a lecturer here,
even if it's just as a substitute.
-Well, take care.
-Okay.
Hey, Rick.
Hey. You're done?
Alhamdulillah. I trust that
Tidar can help me become a lecturer.
Thank you, Tidar.
Let's go.
Why is it a song about separation?
No, babe. We won't be separated.
I'm so bored here.
I can't go out.
I'm under surveillance.
If I want to go out,
I need a valid reason.
But once you're a star,
it'll be a different story.
Thari. Uncle Mahen offered you
the chance to be a star,
but you declined, right?
Do you think Uncle Mahen
could help Konco Seneng?
Be our producer,
help us record an album,
and help us make a music video.
We'd be famous in no time.
But how do I get out to see Uncle Mahen?
Since His Majesty's party is approaching,
please gather all the servants
in the hallway.
Yes, Your Highness.
Ri!
Where are you going?
I hope you have a good reason for this.
If it's about Jeru,
you won't be going out.
But it's important, sister.
Konco Seneng could make it big.
Aunty. Aunty Yeni.
Your Highness.
Your command, Your Highness?
Sir.
Hello.
There it is!
-Uncle Mahen! I'm coming!
Why don't you be the singer instead?
According to His Highness Argo,
members of the royal family
are not meant to be celebrities.
But I believe Konco Seneng
will become popular!
Okay. Listen.
Make two new songs
that haven't been released in any form,
and then send them to me.
If they're good, we can work together.
-Yes, Uncle.
No way! It's just another false hope.
Uncle Mahen reassured Bethari and me
that if the song was good enough,
he'd help produce it.
Konco Seneng will rise to fame.
It involves Bethari, doesn't it?
It'll be another scam like before!
Rick.
Rick!
What are you saying?
You're late to practice
because of Bethari!
You're late for gigs because of her!
Why was our show canceled?
Because of her uncle, Ru!
Now a new opportunity has come up,
but it will end the same.
It won't happen!
Uncle Mahen okayed it.
Who's going to hold us back?
I don't know, anyone!
Rick.
Bethari and I have tried
to convince everyone.
Nothing can stop us, Rick.
Konco Seneng will be
Uncle Mahen's pride and joy.
Fine.
Konco Seneng, each member
will submit a new song.
Okay.
We'll pick the best two
and arrange them together as a team.
Okay.
One song will be koplo,
and the other one will be keroncong.
Keroncong?
-For real, Ru?
-I'm serious, Rick.
Okay. I trust you.
I hope this leads to our success.
They're arm in arm
just like Teletubbies.
I can do it too.
Don't get chummy.
Since I'm not famous yet,
I can be all chummy.
But if you become famous, so will I.
How?
We're in the same band.
Right.
Once you're famous,
get endorsements from Wak Penyok.
Wak Brewok.
That's enough. Remember to
send me your new songs.
And don't forget
to pitch in for the recording fund.
Gotcha!
Hey, your phone is buzzing.
Your phone.
-Who is it?
-It's Indar, my wife.
Hang up!
Hang up my wife?
No! Hang up your phone!
If I hang up on her, I'm as good as dead.
You want me to die?
Yeah!
If I die, who will take care of Indar?
-I can.
-Oh, you want this?
No, no. Just answer it then.
-Hello.
-Hey, over here.
I panicked.
What a clown.
Hello, my darling angel.
Hearing you say "darling" makes me
want to kick you. Where are you?
I'm at the bike taxi base.
Mister, honk, honk!
-You hear that?
-Stop lying!
Video call me right now!
I'm out of data…
Liar! I just bought you some!
-Video call me right now!
-Okay, okay.
See?
Show me around.
Look.
See?
Make it quick!
You don't trust your own husband?
Keep honking.
Look.
You jerk!
Why are you still in a band?
Can you even give me 2.5 million?
What? 2.5 million?
Bella, your daughter,
needs 2.5 million
to enroll in kindergarten!
Yes, dear. I'll come home
with 2.5 million.
If you don't come back with 2.5 million,
you're sleeping outside for a month.
What will you do?
It's not like I'm begging.
Of course not.
Seventy.
This is from Anang.
And Rahmed.
And the change from buying toothpaste.
Even if you only have gums,
you're the best.
Nov, I have to admit…
What?
The band may be temporary,
but brotherhood lasts forever, Nov.
God!
This is for our brotherhood.
Look at this! A red bill!
Yes, a red bill.
But give me the change.
Sure, we're brothers.
But there's gotta be something in return.
I'll cover the rest.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
But remember, you all must work hard
to raise money for the recording.
I promise you. Now what?
This bill is ripped. Can I get a new one?
-Ru.
-Yes, Mom?
Jeru.
Are you using your entire paycheck
for the recording?
Wish me luck, Mom.
I always wish for your success
every night, Ru.
Thank you.
-I'm off, Mom. Assalamu alaikum.
-Take care.
Good luck.
-Yeah. Assalamu alaikum.
-Waalaikumsalam.
So heavy.
Gosh.
Working this late, Wahyu?
Here, for you.
Sir, I'm sorry.
I can't accept something
that's not related to my work, sir.
Just take it.
Thank you, sir.
A mixed-genre concept
will attract millions of viewers.
But I believe we can be
more successful than Ndaru.
We just gotta focus.
We just need to decide
between koplo or keroncong.
See? Konco Seneng will be just like them.
Everyone! Please welcome, Konco Seneng!
Konco Seneng!
Why do you keep staring up like that?
I'm looking at my career, Nov.
I see.
Me too. Look.
Why are you looking down?
I'm looking at our competitors.
-Get ready, guys.
-Right.
Potential successful people.
For our future.
Well, Uncle?
Which one's better,
the first or the second one?
I don't think any of them
have a chance of going viral.
Uncle.
Listen to this one.
It's our backup song.
I'm not interested in taking risks.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I've got a meeting at city hall.
Uncle. Uncle Mahen!
Uncle.
With your experience
working at a record label,
surely you can recognize a good song.
Both of Konco Seneng's songs
are great, Uncle.
That's not the issue, Bethari.
The reason I came to the palace that day
was to ask your uncle for a favor.
My label is on the verge of collapse.
None of my musicians are succeeding.
Your uncle, Argo, agreed to help me
avoid bankruptcy on one condition.
That I don't become
Konco Seneng's producer.
Rick. Rick!
I didn't see this coming, Rick.
What do you mean, Ru?
"Nothing can stop us."
"Konco Seneng will be
Uncle Mahen's pride and joy."
So who's the liar here? You or Mahen?
Rick.
You planned this, right?
You and Bethari planned this
to make us believe you were amazing
and to make you our leader!
-Of course we didn't.
-Rick, calm down.
You acted all high and mighty with Bethari
offering opportunities,
but look at us!
-Bethari…
-You gave us false hope!
Bethari has done a lot for Konco Seneng.
Done what?
Has Konco Seneng made it?
No, Ru!
I'm still struggling!
Everyone was already imagining
being happy, Ru!
Novian was imagining success!
He imagined his wife not scolding him
when he came home!
Wahyu imagined paying his debts!
And I!
I imagined proving to my dad
that I could succeed through music!
You bastard!
Rick, calm down.
You want to lead the band?
A leader leads by example!
What are you?
You have a bachelor's degree,
but you only help your mom sell batik!
Rick.
I'm still better than you.
What about you?
Every time I meet your dad,
he just complains.
He wants you to get a job
and work like your friends.
But you…
You're an adult, yet you're still
depending on your parents.
Don't act so proud.
You bastard! It's you who acts proud!
I've told you a thousand times.
Konco Seneng could ask Ndarboy for help!
But you won't because of your goddamn ego!
This band doesn't bring happiness,
it makes us go nuts!
-Asshole!
-Rick.
Calm down, Rick.
Don't you dare butt in!
Konco Seneng has been going downhill
ever since Jeru began dating you!
Don't yell at her. It's inappropriate.
Inappropriate?
Your relationship with Bethari is toxic!
Toxic for Konco Seneng!
-Fuck off!
-Jeru!
So full of yourself! Acting like a thug!
You think I'm scared?
-Rick!
-Enough.
-Stop!
-That's enough.
Rick. Calm down.
You're the arrogant one!
Everyone has to do things your way!
-Rick…
-Bastard!
I'm leaving Konco Seneng.
We might as well disband it!
The palace generously took in
your husband as a sweeper.
After he passed away,
you were entrusted
with the palace's batik shop
so you could make a living
and send Jeru to college.
And now you repay His Majesty's generosity
by shaming the palace?!
No, Your Highness.
I beg your forgiveness, Your Highness.
Your uncle isn't fair, Thari.
He's unfair.
This relationship…
can't go on anymore.
Let's break up, Ru.
What?
So that His Highness Argo
will leave you alone.
So he'll leave Konco Seneng alone.
Konco Seneng has disbanded, Thari.
What now?
I've lost Konco Seneng.
I've lost my best friend.
I don't want to lose you too, Thari.
It's all my fault, Ru.
It's all my fault.
Why are you still seeing
Her Highness Bethari?
Well…
I don't know, Mom.
For love, Mom.
But you both know
that your love is different.
If I could choose,
I'd love to be a king's child, Mom.
But love is love.
It doesn't discriminate between
royal blood or common blood.
A king's child or a servant's.
That's what we're fighting for.
I know for sure…
that I have a wise mother
who always supports her son's choices,
as long as they are right
and responsible, Mom.
Just like how you supported me
in pursuing music…
and didn't push me to find a job
relevant to my degree.
But, Mom,
I am really sorry.
I'm going to stay in my relationship
with Bethari.
Okay then, it's fine…
if that's the choice you've made.
Starting tomorrow,
we'll sell batik door to door
or at the market.
What about this shop?
I will return this batik shop
to the palace.
We did wrong.
We couldn't repay their generosity.
But we have our dignity.
I don't mind losing the batik shop.
But we still have the right
to live our own lives.
Mom.
Your struggle will not be in vain, Mom.
Here you are, Your Highness.
RECEIPT BOOK
Thank you, Your Highness,
for letting me provide for my family
through the batik shop.
And Jeru?
My apologies, Your Highness.
Jeru's decision is entirely up to him.
I beg your forgiveness.
Did you do it?
Yes, dear.
Fight for it.
Yes, Mom. I'll go call her.
Hello, Thari.
This number no longer belongs to Bethari.
Sorry, you're not allowed to enter.
Why? This is the Keraton, a tourist spot.
-Yes, sir.
-They can enter.
No entry for you, Jeru.
I just want to see Her Highness Bethari.
-You can't.
-This is the palace. Don't make a scene!
You're the ones making a scene!
-I just want to go in!
-You can't!
-Sir!
-Bethari!
Mind your conduct, sir!
-Stop, sir!
Bethari!
Forget it!
Watch your mouth, Jeru!
This is the palace. There are rules!
I want to see Bethari.
Her Highness Bethari!
She is His Majesty's daughter,
not the child of a palace sweeper!
Jeru!
Bethari has left Solo.
Where is she?
Jeru.
I'm asking you
to stop looking for Bethari.
There will be no more ties
between you and Bethari.
If you keep insisting,
you know who's coming for you.
DANCE WITH NDARBOY
Stop the engine.
Coming home this late! Band again?
Ndar, if it was that,
I'd have brought the ukulele.
Maybe you borrowed one!
You're lying, aren't you?
Let's not make a scene.
The neighbors can hear us.
Ndar.
Be a busker for all I care!
What head of the family
can't afford school for his kid?
You owe money just for kindergarten!
Imagine how primary school will be!
Being in a band doesn't make money!
Ndar, I'm also working.
I don't care!
Idiot. What are you doing?
Your keys are with me.
Oh.
People only see what's on the surface,
right, Yu?
Yeah.
Wahyu.
Let it go.
Farewell, dreams of my youth.
Farewell, music.
CHANGE ACCOUNT
YES, NO
I thought Konco Seneng would make it,
but it didn't.
I should just return to selling on TokTok.
No one's here today?
Konco Seneng has disbanded.
The band couldn't make
everyone happy anymore.
It drove people mad instead.
Music cost me everything, Mom.
I lost the one I love, my best friend,
and the batik shop.
I have a surprise for you.
Open your eyes!
Blow it.
Wow.
Perfect pitch.
-Let's go!
-Yeah!
Dad.
I give up.
Rikolo.
The interview's today?
Yes, Dad.
You passed the written test,
so the interview should be a breeze.
Rikolo.
You're smart.
You have a bright future ahead of you.
Wish me luck, Dad.
-Yes. Take care.
-Yes.
Yes.
Thank you so much, Tidar,
for your help in getting me hired
to teach here.
Okay. Let's go to the dean's office now.
Um, wait. Let me introduce you to…
To who?
Rick!
He said he was coming to pick me up.
Who's Rick? Your boyfriend?
Not yet.
Hey, what happened?
What is happening here?
Is he okay?
Is he going to be okay?
Rikolo, Ru. Rikolo.
His mother isn't here anymore, Ru.
Rikolo is the only hope I have left.
Rick.
Please don't go.
Get well soon, Rick.
I'll do whatever it takes
for Konco Seneng, Rick.
DANCE WITH NDARBOY
No, not like this. We need to slide it.
Okay.
Ndaru.
Jeru?
What happened? Come here.
I made a mistake.
I never forgot.
I haven't ever forgotten
about Konco Seneng.
You know,
I reach out to Rick sometimes.
I've done it several times.
I ask how you're doing,
and how everyone is.
But Rick always told me…
that you were still mad at me.
Rick had an accident, Ru.
Are you serious? How is he doing?
Critical.
Rick, you poor guy.
I need a favor, Ru.
Help Konco Seneng succeed.
Rick.
I've finally overcome my ego, Rick.
I met Ndaru yesterday.
Everything you dreamed of
will come true, Rick.
Rick.
Rick. What's wrong?
Rick! What's happening?
Nurse! Doctor! Help!
Rick! Nurse.
Please wait outside, sir.
What about my friend?
Please move, sir.
The doctor will handle it.
Rick!
It's critical, Doctor.
-No pulse detected. CPR, now.
-Right.
Hello.
Hello, Doc.
-Sir.
-Doc.
We're ready to accept what's meant to be
if this is how things must go, Doc.
Sir.
We're ready to accept any sad news.
Gentlemen…
There will be no sad news.
Rick has regained consciousness.
-Are you serious, Doc?
-Yes.
Alhamdulillah, Doc!
Alhamdulillah. Thank you, Doctor.
You're welcome.
Novian.
Visits are allowed,
but only for two people.
Please.
Alhamdulillah, Ya Allah.
Let's go in.
Jeru, you should go. Jeru and Aruna.
Go!
Come on.
Alhamdulillah.
Rick is out of the critical phase,
but he must continue resting for now.
-Thank you, Doc.
-Thank you.
-Thanks, Doc.
-You're welcome.
Rick.
Aruna.
I just… had a dream.
Konco Seneng…
was performing…
on a huge stage…
alongside top campursari stars.
It was a blast.
Aunty. Aunty Yeni.
Aunty.
You know where Bethari is, right?
Huh?
Sister, why are you here?
Aunty Yeni is busy.
Right. She also mentioned
that Jeru came here.
What did she tell him?
She couldn't say anything.
You know how it is.
She's scared of His Highness Argo.
-Make it happen.
-Of course.
-It will be huge.
-Huge, huge.
Hey. Konco Seneng.
These guys are Novian, Wahyu, and Rick.
I will be their producer, Uncle.
Wait. Why do you all look so pale?
You all came by motorcycle?
Your band uses motorcycles?
So humble. They're humble people.
It's not really about being humble.
All we have are motorcycles.
What do you call that, Yu?
-Modest?
-Not modest. It's…
-Broke.
-Yeah.
No worries. You can buy a car
when you hit it big.
-Amen.
Uncle Mahen. How are you?
I'm good. How are you?
We're fine.
Wait, you know each other?
Yeah, I'm glad to see you guys
working with Ndarboy.
To be honest, your songs are great.
But, well…
We get it, Uncle.
We know what happened.
Ndaru.
Thank you for helping Konco Seneng.
Hold on.
Don't thank me.
Thank Jeru.
After waiting so long,
Jeru finally came to me the other day.
We're on good terms now.
In any case,
I'm ready to be the producer
for Konco Seneng.
Hey. It was nicely done.
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL BATIK SHOP
-Here you are.
-Thanks.
Can I pay with this kiris?
What kiris?
You bumpkin.
It's called Kuris.
-You mean Qris?
-Right.
-Yes, we accept Qris.
-See?
My phone's dead. Let me use yours.
Jeez!
Bumpkin and broke?
Pick a struggle.
Gosh, you're so mean.
Can you?
It's done.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
What are you looking for, mister?
I was being too harsh to you,
saying you only sold batik.
You are better than me.
I'm still living off my parents.
Jeru.
I'm here to ask you for a favor.
Come back to Konco Seneng.
Be my vocalist again.
I'm okay with not being the lead singer.
I can stick to playing the keyboard.
The important thing is that you come back.
Please come back.
Do you know?
We're better off as friends.
Best friends for life, Rick.
But Konco Seneng…
Konco Seneng won't go far with me in it.
Trust me, Rick.
You will succeed
as the lead vocalist of Konco Seneng.
I wish you'd come back.
Come back to Konco Seneng.
Please, Ru.
I'll take care of the budget
for the first YouTube shoot with Ndarboy.
It has to go viral, Mahen.
If you want it to go viral,
the first episodes should feature
Happy Asmara, Gilga Sahid…
Yes, that's fine.
That's even better.
I'll have the budget ready.
Your Highness,
I forgot where the restroom is.
Go straight and turn left at the pavilion.
-Excuse me for a bit.
-Okay.
Your Highness.
I'd like to apologize.
I should have taken the risk back then
and not let His Highness Argo
control the shares.
I should have stepped up and been
the producer for Konco Seneng.
Your Highness,
as my apology,
I'd like to be your producer.
-Me?
-Yes.
I'd love to.
But…
it's impossible.
I'm not allowed to leave the palace.
Don't worry, Your Highness.
I'll take care of it.
Jeru!
Bethari!
Thari, where have you been?
I've been looking for you.
Yes, I know.
Aunty Yeni was afraid to go against
His Highness Argo.
She couldn't say that
I was still at the Keraton.
Oh?
You ran into each other already.
Bethari.
This project isn't just my apology to you,
but also to Jeru.
I want to make you two into a duo.
What about Uncle Argo?
I'll handle him.
I hope your duet can boost
the Keraton palace's reputation.
Let's do this. Come on.
You ungrateful bastard!
You begged me to help your failing label,
and now that I've helped, you do this?
Uncle Argo.
I am not talking to you!
That sweeper's son is out of line!
Who gave Bethari permission to leave,
Your Highness?
I did, Your Highness.
I asked Mahen to take Bethari
out of the Keraton palace.
What you did to my little sister,
Bethari, is unacceptable.
Just because His Majesty
puts his trust in you,
you misuse that power.
Your Highness, everything I've done is
for the honor of the Keraton palace!
This will only bring shame to the palace,
Your Highness.
I'm sure that if His Majesty finds out,
he will be very disappointed in you.
Your standing
as His Majesty's trusted aide
will be over.
NDARBOY PRODUCER
FOR KONCO SENENG'S FIRST SINGLE!
JE-THAR GOES VIRAL
JE-THAR DUET CAPTIVATES
INDONESIAN MUSIC LISTENERS
Guys! We'll perform in Taiwan next week!
KONCO SENENG TO PERFORM IN TAIWAN
SAVE THE DATE!
I always believed that
Konco Seneng would make it big.
But success takes effort.
It's not as easy as
flipping an elephant's foot.
Obviously.
You dummy.
That's enough.
Wait, what? So you're dating?
You're officially dating?
Not yet.
Oh, not yet?
Okay, fine.
Wait, Na.
We are dating.
Geez!
Konco Seneng!
-Konco Seneng!
Jeru!
Rick!
Novian! Konco Senang!
Wahyu!
Novian!
Bethari!
Thank you, Mom.
Dad! Come forward!
Me?
I'm proud of you, son.
Indar! Bella!
Konco Seneng!
KONCO SENENG AND JE-THAR CONCERT